hey guys froakie Kiba and Taylor here
we're going to show you some tips on how
to hammock camp with a dog little
version big version some of the things
you got to consider though before we can
actually get in the hanging part is what
kind of dog you have because dogs are
totally different if it's summertime I'm
not bringing this one if it's wintertime
I'm not bringing this one so the best
thing to do is it just like when you
were getting the hammock camping or
camping in general is to do some local
testing go in your backyard go to a
state park just just figure it out is
list scroll right here when it gets down
like 30 degrees she gets cold outside of
the hammock when she's in the hammock
she's good to go so try to figure out
stuff like that so once you have a
little kinks figured out you're ready to
get into it so here are some of the tips
first up we're going to talk about
campsite selection one of the great
things about being a hammock camper is
you don't have to worry what's on the
ground all you need is a couple of good
trees and you're good to go
however when you have a dog like this
one there's just a little bit too big to
be comfortable in the hammock she's
elderly in the ground so you got to
start thinking like ground boiler so
first again you want to pick a good spot
this spot right here is actually in a
good spot because I have this hill right
here so face any rain where to come it's
just going to flow down it's going to
last this chick right here and you're
gonna wake up and have one wet puppy you
don't want to do that also you want to
check the ground the ground here it's
really nice it's soft mud well it's soft
dirt if it's mud it's not good but this
is good it's nice and comfortable for
check also for wind and stuff
fortunately we have tarps so we can
block it off just basically like you
would do it yourself once you've found a
comfy spot for your dog you got to worry
about securing them so they won't leave
and you don't wake up in the middle
tonight you find out you don't have a
dog there are a couple ways to do this
the way that I've been doing with her is
I find my food trees here and I find a
tripod so I have another one right over
here now the reason why I like to have a
tree that's close to my hammock is she
can sleep right here and all I do is I
take the leash like this I take it off
and I just loop it through so it's nice
and secure
and I put it back on her and if she
wants to you know get up and go to the
bathroom you know I shouldn't go over
there north to get up and she can lay
just right next to my hammock and
I'm in it she's close enough to where I
can scratch her and basically check on
her so that's my preferred method
another thing you can do is run a
continuous Ridge line underneath your
hammock very similar to what you would
be using for your tarp if that's the
kind you use and all you do is I would
use am steel right here this is seven
sixty four but use something a little
bit bigger like 1/8 there is no way any
dog is going to be able to break it so
don't have to worry about it now you do
is just put it around like this and loop
it through and that's one end put the
dog leash through it like that similar
again to the tripod thing so in case she
wants to move she can go it can go
wherever she wants and then the other
side you have another fixed loop like
this you just bring it around the tree
and do not use a toggle because there's
a good chance the dogs going to pop out
of place I wish I would have brought one
would I forgot it
just get a carabiner and just clip it in
like this and clip it in like that and
it pulls tight and you're good to go you
can use a figure 9 but it's a little
wonky so just use a carabiner and you're
gonna be fine once you picked out a good
spot for your pup to sleep for the night
you want it cleared of any obstructions
like the sticks and all that rocks and
uncomfortable stuff and look freckles
here is already wanting to sleep here
when it's summertime though the ground
is a little cool and it feels really
great for the dog so I would just not
put anything on it if it's wet you can
use like a ground sheet this is made of
tae Baek the home wrap and you just put
it down and it's a little protected for
them right there as Spreckels can show
you when it's colder you want to use a
pad you can use a blue pad and you get
from Walmart they're like six bucks or
probably the one I like to use the most
is this one from gossamer here which you
can see right there Thank You freckles
and once you figure out what works for
your dog she's got a nice comfortable
spot right next yeah you can enjoy some
time in the woods with her another thing
you can do is bring along a portable
tent squirrel
or a foldable pup tent kind of like the
one you see here and those are great
because they're easily compact they're
light I would recommend bringing them
for a backpacking trip because there's a
little bit too bulky but it does give
your dog that sense it has like a den
and a little enclosure to go into to
feel safe your dog weighs under 30
pounds you have the option of her
sleeping in the hammock with you which
takes some practice that's that's for
sure for her to get comfortable luckily
she's been doing it since she's a puppy
so she's already naturally comfortable
the thing I do is I decide sleep like
this
and I'll let her sleep and a little
crevice right here or let's say you're a
side sleeper up you just bring her when
we switch positions in middle the night
sill and okay there you go up and I'll
sleep like this and I'll actually get
close to the edge like that put my feet
there sleep on my side and she has kind
of like this pocket here so when she's
ready to sleep there you go just like
that she does all that room right there
for her there you go we have a little
snuggle fest cuddle puddle so I hope
this video helps out anybody who wants
to go along on the trail and do some
camping with their best friend whether
it be a big dog a little dog or an old
fart like this one right here it's just
a lot of fun to bring about the woods
just remember to be safe make sure that
they're prepared and get a lot of
practicing before you get out there have
fun everyone he's got a
okay move filming come on pups ask
you're ruining the met animal actors are
the worst you can possibly tell her tell
them all this dead Rocky's videos I pay
you with dog treats pays nothing
and she's see the dogs like it it's
really comfortable yeah but when they're
not just ruining the video and that's
how you set up for a dog